Albert found a research mentor at Duke University around mid July 2017,
he is Dr Guillermo Sapiro <guillermo.sapiro@gmail.com>, Duke CS professor,
specialized in CV - image processing.
His son Anton is a classmate of Annabella at Durham academy.
Prof Sapiro has a research staff - Qiang Qiu who will supervise Albert closely.
The first proposed project is to apply openpose for autism study because
Prof Sapiro had a research paper on autism before.

Openpose is from CMU, it is built on top of Caffe and use GPU.
we first installed Caffe on an existing Ubuntu desktop 14.04TLS.
Albert tried some Caffe example notebooks. I tried its web_demo which worked well.

Next I bought a Nvidia graphics card from Amazon. 
EVGA GeForce GTX 1050Ti + EVGA 400W power supply
to upgrade the Ubuntu desktop

We downloaded 
1) cuda 8, cuDnn 
2)openpose/caffe/opencv source codes and tried to build.
Caffe uses protobuf and spent sometime to figure out that v5.2 works with Caffe.
When building Caffe with cuda, the compiling failed.
I suspect that GPU is imcompatible with current Gigabyte motherboard.
On Aug 8, 2017, we ordered a new motherboard,CPU,Ram from Amazon, 
(they has to be Intel chip and processor to be compatible with EVGA GeForce GTX 1050Ti)
and we plan to reuse an old ATX case, Seagate SATA3 1.5TB HD, plus EVGA graphics card and PSU 
see the spreadsheet prepared by Albert
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1G5KKP0VTHMH6o6wBbGsVwcEBYSFDJBrXiQQ3dnmjCIg/edit?usp=sharing

The motherboard was received on the same day afternoon (Thursday 8/10).
CPU and RAM were receied on next day (Friday 8/11).

After my daily work meeting, we start to install CPU, RAM on motherboard.
Albert prepared a USB bootable stick with Ubuntu 14.04
https://tutorials.ubuntu.com/tutorial/tutorial-create-a-usb-stick-on-ubuntu#0

It failed to boot after first power up.
No BIOS flash screen.
I re-read motherboard manual and checked wire connections many times.
DIMM was in the wrong slot
With 2 DIMMS, they should in slot 2, slot 4 (was in #3/#4)
but no luck with this change.
I removed GeForce graphics card in order to use onboard integrated graphics, no luck.

Called EVGA tech support, Kevin suggested a few possibilities
1) bad DIMM RAM
2) bad Motherboard
3) bend-pin when installing CPU
4) CPU not on its official supported list
When using only 1 DIMM in slot #2, this time the BIOS flash screen showed up.
It says CMOS checksum error
I tried both DIMMs indivudually and obtained the same error when booting.
This proved that slot#2 is good, both DIMMs are ok.

With Ubuntu 14.04, it still failed to boot, I cannot find the old win 7 bootable disk. Then it occurred to me that I should try Ubuntu 16.04 because it should have 
newer driver and software support.

I used the old Ubuntu to prepare a bootable DVD for 16.04TLS.
Boot the new system, it worked!

I asked Albert to go thru the linux installation process.
Then we install GeForce graphics card.
Everything works nicely



